# island_lair

Our data comes from three separate sources. Our primary source was PrivateIslandsOnline.com. We gathered name, size, and nation information about several hundred islands for sale around the world via a web scrape and stored them in a new dataframe. Our second source was Transparency International, where we were able to download a CSV file containing government corruption ratings for every country around the world. We then read the CSV file as a dataframe. Our final source was the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, from which we were able to download another CSV file which reports the homicide rates for countries around the world and makes estimates for nations that do not provide reasonable data. We then read this CSV file as a dataframe as well.

Our initial island information dataframe as assembled by our web scrape, and therefore did not need much in the way of transformation. Our CSV files contained a great deal of excess information that we removed to focus on corruption and general homicide rates respectively. We then renamed the columns in our dataframes to better reflect the data therein and saved them as new CSVs that were more streamlined.

Once our data was transformed, we used MongoDB software to store our data together in one place from which it can be analyzed and retrieved with ease. 

Now that this disparate data is combined, an aspiring megalomaniacle villain can look for a private island on which to build their secret lair! Is this a base that will house hundreds of henchmen working on your latest diabolical plot? It would be wise to locate your lair on a large island (plenty of acreage for missile silos!) in a country with rampant government corruption (easy to bribe local officials to look the other way!) and an egregious homicide rate (those homicidal maniacs make useful goons!). Alternatively, you may be interested in more of an executive retreat-style lair. In that case, a small island (even villains have to pay the bills!) in a legalistic society (villains have rights, especially executive villains!) and a safe environment (locals with torches and pitchforks are no bueno!) may be more your speed. This collection of data will help you find that perfect spot. 
